# File descriptions:

## Environment files
- requirements.txt: Contains package requirements.
- IPM_s_tritici_modelling.yml: .yml stored copy of the environment. (Identical environment to that generated by the accompanying requirements.txt file).

## iPython notebooks:
- Fitting_1_variety_mixture.ipynb, Fitting_2_late_sowing.ipynb, Fitting_3_residue.ipynb, Fitting_4_biocontrol.ipynb: Carry out fitting for the four IPM measure parameters.
- Fitting_yieldplots.ipynb: Produces the single figure bar chart of yields from the four individual interventions.
- Single fields.ipynb: Runs the single-field scenario which considers no control, fungicide and IPM regimes.
- Cross contact fields.ipynb:  Runs the cross-field scenario, both the default parameter scenario and the low/medium/high intensity regime scenario.

## .py files
- Functions_base.py: Contains base parameter values and functions for the model, including disease system parameters and key timepoints.
- Functions_IPM.py: Contains ODE systems and quick-run functions for no control system, fungicide system, and IPM system. Also contains pre-built biocontrol function, and cross-field ODE system.
- Functions_analysis.py: Contains analysis functions such as the one which computes yield.
- Functions_plotting.py: Contains plotting functions for many of the paper figures.


## Data files
- biocontrol_2004_data.csv: 2004 data for B. megaterium strain MKB135 from *Bacillus megaterium shows potential for the biocontrol of septoria tritici blotch of wheat*
- biocontrol_2006_data.csv: 2006 data for B. megaterium strain MKB135 from *Bacillus megaterium shows potential for the biocontrol of septoria tritici blotch of wheat*

## Output files
- biocontrol_fit_results.npy: Parameter fit results (omega, theta, delta) saved as output from Fitting_4_biocontrol.ipynb.
- dd_delay.npy: Output array containing the degree-day delay incurred when sowing N days late.
- prop_asc.npy: Output array containing the proportion of ascospore exposure when sowing N days late.

## Subfolders:
- Figures: Save location for figures generated for paper manuscript.
- Hobbelen_times: Contains time data file provided by Peter Hobbelen, from the paper *Delaying Selection for Fungicide Insensitivity by Mixing Fungicides at a Low and High Risk of Resistance Development: A Modeling Analysis*, 2011.
- RR98 data: Contains data from *Research Review No. 98  Enabling the uptake of integrated pest management (IPM) in UK arable rotations (a review of the evidence)*, AHDB, 2021. .ipynb file generates the data figure in the manuscript, and saves it as a .pdf inside the subfolder.